README.md, before:

# QRCodeV2
A new generation of QR Codes transfer more data in smaller image

> [!WARNING]
> The code with version named 1.0 is not optimalized. Please don't put large data into the program, becouse that can lead to disk issues and os crashes. THE CODE WILL CHANGE

## Known Issues

- Custom objects in QR code to determine what is the data saved is not working (eg. link, code, or just text)
- There is a lot of white spaces that are useless (I will fix this in the next version)
- Image scaling don't always work
- Image can be very big (for some reason)

## How to use

Run main.py and there will be encode/decode options. Type encode then type yours string for example `test` and then press enter and the QR code will generate. To see it search for file named `custom_qr_code.png` int the same directory as main.py

## Contributing

If there is any issue please create an issue on github i will try to fix it as soon as possible

### Current version

- Code: 1.0 (Alpha)
- Python: 3.12.2 (64-bit)
- Release Date: 04.12.2024
- Required packages: `numpy`, `pillow`

Commit message:

Manual color mapings for better colors assigment [v1.1]
Currently we only support english characters, numbers and special characters

README.md, after:

# QRCodeV2
A new generation of QR Codes transfer more data in smaller image

> [!WARNING]
> The code with version named 1.0 is not optimalized. Please don't put large data into the program, becouse that can lead to disk issues and os crashes. THE CODE WILL CHANGE

## Known Issues

- Custom objects in QR code to determine what is the data saved is not working (eg. link, code, or just text)
- There is a lot of white spaces that are useless (I will fix this in the next version)
- Image scaling don't always work
- Image can be very big (for some reason)

## How to use

Run main.py and there will be encode/decode options. Type encode then type yours string for example `test` and then press enter and the QR code will generate. To see it search for file named `custom_qr_code.png` int the same directory as main.py
- Currently input data can only be english letters and numbers with special characters

## Contributing

If there is any issue please create an issue on github i will try to fix it as soon as possible

### Current version

- Code: 1.0 (Alpha)
- Python: 3.12.2 (64-bit)
- Release Date: 04.12.2024
- Required packages: `numpy`, `pillow`
